RFC: tfm_integration: Add secure I2C partition sample for ST boards (#110427)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/tfm_integration/tfm_secure_peripheral/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample-category:: tfm_secure_peripheral
   :name: TF-M Secure Peripheral
   :show-listing:

   Add custom secure services and peripherals to the TF-M Secure Processing

>    Environment (SPE).

Reviewer: There's some disconnect between this and the path. The path is `tfm_secure_peripheral` but the sentence mentions secure services too.
One thing we could potentially do instead is to move this new sample under `tfm_secure_partition`, moving the pre-existing sample into a `generic` or so subdirectory and this new one into a new vendor subdirectory.

Overview
********

TF-M runs in the Secure Processing Environment (SPE), the Zephyr application
runs in the Non-secure Processing Environment (NSPE) and reaches it through the
PSA APIs. On top of the built-in services (Crypto, ITS, PS, Attestation,
Firmware Update), TF-M lets you add your own secure partitions.

> These samples extend :zephyr:code-sample:`tfm_secure_partition` to a partition

Reviewer: I think if we're not making this sample generic, let's not talk about "these samples".

Reviewer 2: I unresolved to comment and prefer let @tomi-font resolve it if the comment has been addressed.

> These samples extend :zephyr:code-sample:`tfm_secure_partition` to a partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These samples extend the :zephyr:code-sample:`tfm_secure_partition` sample to a partition
```

that owns a hardware peripheral inside the SPE and exposes it to the NSPE over

> PSA. Sub-directories are platform specific samples for this usage of peripheral.

Reviewer: Would remove `over PSA`, the calls made will be TF-M and even partition-specific, no?

> PSA. Sub-directories are platform specific samples for this usage of peripheral.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PSA. Subdirectories are platform-specific samples for this usage of peripheral.
```

> PSA IPC. Sub-directories are platform specific samples for this usage of peripheral.

Reviewer 2: I would drop the IPC. Examples based on another interface may come some day.
